In this lecture, we are going to quickly toggle the field for modifying the images alt attributes.
Let me show you what I mean in my browser.
I'm viewing the team members group block on this block.
I've uploaded an image.
If we click on the block a field for modifying the images, alt attribute will appear.
I've added this field for conveniently modifying the image alt attributes.
Otherwise users would need to open the media library to modify this value.
On the other hand, this field should not appear.
If an image is not available, we should hide this field from the client.
Try this as an exercise.
Toggle the appearance of the field in the sidebar.
You should be able to do so without a problem.
Pause the video and good luck.
Welcome back.
If you were able to toggle the fields, that's great.
If not, that's fine.
Let's go through the solution together in your editor.
Open the edit JS file.
Search for the text area control component.
You can find it inside the inspector controls components.
Above this component and the following expression image preview and not is blob URL.
Image Preview and.
Unlike before.
We're using two conditions.
The first condition will check if the image preview state variable has a value.
Secondly, the other condition will check for a blob URL.
We do not want to render this option unless the image has been successfully uploaded.
Otherwise it's not worth showing the field.
Let's move the field after the second and operator.
That's it.
The field will only appear if an image is selected.
In the next lecture, let's add one more feature before considering the image selection complete.